credits page (#24)
pawamoy/copier-poetry: project/docs/credits.md

> {{ credits() }}

Reviewer: Hmm, how do you inject the credits page without this?

Author: https://github.com/pawamoy/copier-poetry/pull/24/commits/97cda4b8df951e45efca3ec100e21abd9c00ad95

<!-- Template repository: https://github.com/pawamoy/jinja-templates
     Template path: credits.md
-->

# Credits
{% set data = get_credits_data() %}

> These projects were used to build `{{ data['project_name'] }}`. **Thank you!**

Reviewer: Jinja allows you to access dictionary items as attributes:
```suggestion
These projects were used to build `{{ data.project_name }}`. **Thank you!**
```

Author: i will apply that to all data items
